2023/January/27.md, before:

### difference between forEach and for in Javascript
- For Loop: The JavaScript for loop is used to iterate through the array or the elements for a specified number of times.
- forEach Loop: For every single element of the array, the callback function will be executed.

| For Loop	| forEach Loop |
| --------- | ---------- |
|It is one of the original ways of iterating over an array.	| It is a newer way with lesser code to iterate over an array. |
|It is faster in performance. |	It is slower than the traditional loop in performance. |
|The break statement can be used to come out from the loop. |	The break statement cannot be used because of the callback function. |
|The parameters are the iterator, counter, and incrementor.	| The parameters are the iterator, index of item, and array to iterate. |
|It works with the await keyword. |	The await keyword cannot be used due to the callback function. It may lead to incorrect output. |

- source: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-foreach-and-for-loop-in-javascript/

Commit message:

differences in js
regular function and arrow function,
path and exact path,
routing path of PageNotFound

2023/January/27.md, after:

### 1. difference between forEach and for in Javascript
- For Loop: The JavaScript for loop is used to iterate through the array or the elements for a specified number of times.
- forEach Loop: For every single element of the array, the callback function will be executed.

| For Loop	| forEach Loop |
| --------- | ---------- |
|It is one of the original ways of iterating over an array.	| It is a newer way with lesser code to iterate over an array. |
|It is faster in performance. |	It is slower than the traditional loop in performance. |
|The break statement can be used to come out from the loop. |	The break statement cannot be used because of the callback function. |
|The parameters are the iterator, counter, and incrementor.	| The parameters are the iterator, index of item, and array to iterate. |
|It works with the await keyword. |	The await keyword cannot be used due to the callback function. It may lead to incorrect output. |

- source: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-foreach-and-for-loop-in-javascript/
- forEach문을 사용할 때 함수 내에서 바로 return을 사용하는데 의문이 들어서 궁금했음

<br/><br/>

### 2. difference between regular function and arrow function in Javascript
- arrow function could reduce () and {}. good way to reduce code lines.
- arrow function is not replacement of regular function
- no arguments, and use static this from parent scope in arrow function
- source: https://levelup.gitconnected.com/7-differences-between-arrow-functions-and-regular-functions-in-javascript-9152883a839f

<br/><br/>

### 3. difference between path and exact path in React.js \<Route> 
- Route works based on switch & partial match.
- For example, path="/users/create" is filtered by path="/users"
- To prevent this situation, we need to attach exact like exact path = "/users"
- source: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49162311/react-difference-between-route-exact-path-and-route-path
- App.js에서 route를 보는데 exact path와 path가 혼재되어있어서 궁금했다.

<br/><br/>

### 4. How to put PageNotFound in React.js \<Route>
- Nomarlly, we place default in the end of switch. Likewise, we can put PageNotFound in the end of list of \<route>
- Usually, we can use path={"*"} or path="*" or path="/*" for path of PageNotFound.
- But it works too when we don't put path as an attribute in route.
- PageNotFound는 path값이 무엇일지 궁금해서 알아봤음
